In this demonstration, I'm going to show you how to define
an arrow schema and then send that data to Kafka in that format.
So we're going to jump back over to the work space and I've opened up sample2.
So you'll notice we have a schema already defined here.
In this schema, we have a type of record,
it's going to be a type purchase and the conduct Udacity that
lesson3.sample2 namespace and we have a number of fields here.
So we have name, username, type string,
currency, type string, and amount of type integer.
Now, we're parsing the schema using the fastavro parse schema function.
I've included a link to this documentation in your exercise, so you can take a look.
But I'll pull it up just real quick for you to take a look at.
So this is the fastavro documentation,
it works and look similarly to the confluent Kafka Python documentation we've been using.
So we'll go ahead and search for parse schema and we can go ahead and pull it up.
So you can see parse schema takes a schema string and then
returns an actual Avro schema that we can go
ahead and use to send the data over the Kafka.
We also have a writer.
A writer is a fastavro utility that actually will take
an input chunk of data and write it out in the format that we expect.
So let's see what that looks like.
Currently, when we serialize or purchase object,
we're serializing it into JSON.
So we're doing json.dumps and then we're serializing the data
into a dictionary and then dumping that out as a string but instead we want to use Avro.
So we're going to uncomment this, excuse me,
we're going to comment this,
we're going to uncomment the code here to use Avro instead.
So the first thing we're going to do is create a BytesIO object.
The fastavro writer has to write the data into a file-like object.
But we're not really interested in writing to disk,
we're interested in writing out over the network.
So we're going to use BytesIO to keep that in memory,
so we're going to instantiate a BytesIO object pass it as
the first argument to our writer and then we're going to pass in the schema definition.
So again, the schema definition is parse at the class level,
so purchase.schema tells the writer object which schema to use.
Finally, we're going to pass in a list of
the actual objects that we would like to be serialized into Avro format.
So we're going to take the self object,
so this is the instance of the purchase and serialize it into
a dictionary and then pass that in list format to the writer object.
Finally, we're going to take the value contained in
our BytesIO stream and then get the value and write that out.
That's really all there is to it.
Let's take a look and see how this works.
So now, we're running our application.
You'll notice that nothing is printed out,
that's because we're just producing data and other Kafka stream.
So I'm going to exit this and we're going to use
the Kafka console consumer to actually view our data.
So we'll say, kafka-console-consumer --bootstrap-server localhost :
9092 and we're going to
use the topic "com.udacity.lesson3.sample2.purchases".
We're also going to make sure to specify the from beginning flag.
Recall that if we didn't pass this flag in we
wouldn't actually see any data because we've killed our producer.
As you can see, there's data in our topic,
so there are a number of records here for us to view.